こんにちは
死
ようこそ
Welcome to the Arch Linux command line interface
Hello, Dave
"I am not a huge fan of incest I just think it is cool." -Mr Longingly
Fishing in just to fish out
Betcha you cant stick it
Variable refresh rate is necessary for even frame pacing in most scenarios
The karlovasi postal code is 83200
Krill yourself?
Ladies, Gentletheys and Others
Warning the driver for your liver will crash in 8.93 seconds
Welcome back to Bottom Gear
Welcome back to the Grand Trip
Metal Gear?
本当に素晴らしい
Is life not beatiful?
Look! freznel.
おはよう
Welcome!
Good girl!
Good boy!
Good they!
Hey girl, I mean they..
Done gooning?
What is man but a miserable pile of Secrets
Welcome to the GNU/Linux shell or as I like to call it GNU plus Linux
Save Linux desktop Valve-san
ようこそ
いらっしゃいませ
Valve 助けてください!
There is yet another dependency conflict
Windows, Hello?
Nina from Girls Band Cry is literally me you guys!
Thorfin from Vinland Saga is literally meeeee!
God, created in man's image!
Throughout heaven and earth, I alone am the honored one
I am not a huge fan of female pov I just think it's cool, just like incest
The 'restart' command will restart an application via SIGKILL
Plex must be launced by invoking the 'plex' command
You can use 'yay-clean' to reinstall a package from scratch
If you wish you can invoke the 'win' command to immediatly boot into the Windows 11 operating system
You can use the 'hyprconf' command to open the hyprland configuration file
You can use the 'fisconf' command to open the fish configuration fileBloat + Bloat
GNU + BloatBloat + Linux
Domain Expansion: Infinite void
Gege what the fuck is Yuji's domain even called?
Rest In Peace my loving husband: Gojo Satoru, 1989-2018
てんじょうてんがゆいがどくそん
Sex, what?
Game's over!
We're done here!
Memes Jack, the DNA of the soul!
Just like the good old days after 9/11!
You think I made the market for Ganyu Jack? It's just human nature and I just market it to sexy children
I hate children I am the like the opposite of a pedophile
Hype moments and aura
Hype aura and moments
Friendship ended with hyperland now KDE is my best friend
Other languages don't even have parallelization
/minecraft /run kill long man --for-sure' })
World Adomination!
♬ Lalalaira Weclome to my Song ♬
♬ Worth Worth Worth ♬
I would never be in a closed source relationship
Anyone is free to view and modify my insides fufu~
Lulu Quote: "Every action I do is a gay action"
Lulu Quote: "They are trying to take away our safe nuclear vaginas"
Truth Acorn!
Lulu Quote: "My friend for a time was the cut off leg of a pigeon"
